README.md, before:

# Note
#### A quick terminal based note taker written in Nim.

## Installation
First have nim installed. and open the note folder inside of a terminal,
 then run the following command.
`nim c -d:release note.nim`

Or you can run the install.sh script to compile note.nim and copy the
executable into /usr/local/bin

## Examples

`note Hello World`
This leaves just a plain note in the notes.txt file with no date or any
other information attached to it.

`note -t Hello World`
This will create a timestamped note in the default notes.txt file that
says 'Hello World'

`note -f other.txt Hello World`
This will create a new text file to save notes into. this will not make this 
the primary note file and must be specified every run if you wish to use a 
non-default text file.

`note -c`
This will remove any note files found in the metadata.db database. These
are the note files generated by the Note program. It does prompt the user if s/he
is sure they wish to remove files. 
(In a later update you can specify specific files, instead of removing all.)

`note -h`
This simply opens the help menu, which really is just a few printed statements
on the flags that can be used in the program.


`./note -l`
Simply lists all notes created that are stored in the db

`./note -p [filename]`
Prints the contents of a specified file

Commit message:

Updated for install and uninstall.

README.md, after:

# Note
#### A quick terminal based note taker written in Nim.

## Installation
First have nim installed. and open the note folder inside of a terminal,
 then run the following command.
`nim c -d:release note.nim`

Or you can run the install.sh script to compile note.nim and copy the
executable into /usr/local/bin. This requires sudo or root execution.

A windows installer is in the works.

### Uninstall

I've made a quick uninstall.sh for th note program that removes our folder
and removes the executable from the /usr/local/bin folder. This also requires
sudo.

## Examples

`note Hello World`
This leaves just a plain note in the notes.txt file with no date or any
other information attached to it.

`note -t Hello World`
This will create a timestamped note in the default notes.txt file that
says 'Hello World'

`note -f other.txt Hello World`
This will create a new text file to save notes into. this will not make this 
the primary note file and must be specified every run if you wish to use a 
non-default text file.

`note -c`
This will remove any note files found in the metadata.db database. These
are the note files generated by the Note program. It does prompt the user if s/he
is sure they wish to remove files. 
(In a later update you can specify specific files, instead of removing all.)

`note -h`
This simply opens the help menu, which really is just a few printed statements
on the flags that can be used in the program.


`./note -l`
Simply lists all notes created that are stored in the db

`./note -p [filename]`
Prints the contents of a specified file
